Add sequence validation example (#1090)
api-platform/docs: core/validation.md

}
```

## Sequential Validation Groups

> If you need to determine the order in which your validation groups must be tested against, you can use a [group sequence](http://symfony.com/doc/current/validation/sequence_provider.html).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to specify the order in which your validation groups must be tested against, you can use a [group sequence](http://symfony.com/doc/current/validation/sequence_provider.html).
```

First, you need to create your sequenced group.

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App\Validator;

use Symfony\Component\Validator\Constraints\GroupSequence;

class MySequencedGroup
{
    public function __invoke()
    {

>         return new GroupSequence(['first', 'second']); // now, no matter who's first in the class declaration, it will be tested in this order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return new GroupSequence(['first', 'second']); // now, no matter which is first in the class declaration, it will be tested in this order.
```

    }
}
```

> Just creating the class is not enough because Symfony does not see this service as being used. Therefor to prevent the service to be inlined, you need to enforce it to be public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just creating the class is not enough because Symfony does not see this service as being used. Therefore to prevent the service to be removed, you need to enforce it to be public.
```

Reviewer: I don't think everyone understands "inlined".

```yaml
# api/config/services.yaml
services:
    App\Validator\MySequencedGroup: ~
        public: true
```

And then, you need to use your class as a validation group.

```php
<?php

namespace App\Entity;

use ApiPlatform\Core\Annotation\ApiResource;
use App\Validator\One; // classic custom constraint
use App\Validator\Two; // classic custom constraint
use App\Validator\MySequencedGroup; // the sequence group to use
use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;

/**
 * @ApiResource(
 *     collectionOperations={
 *          "post" = {
 *              "validation_groups" = MySequencedGroup::class
 *          }
 *     }
 * )
 * @ORM\Entity
 */
class Greeting
{
    /**
     * @var int The entity Id
     *
     * @ORM\Id
     * @ORM\GeneratedValue
     * @ORM\Column(type="integer")
     */
    private $id;

    /**
     * @var string A nice person
     *
     * @ORM\Column
     * @One(groups={"second"})

>      * @Two(groups={"first"})

Reviewer: Not really logical :stuck_out_tongue:

Author: 😭

Reviewer: Maybe you can add a comment?

Author: done
